# Cancer-Insidence-Distribution-by-Cancer-Type-Age-and-Race
# introduction
In this assignment, we try to visualize the distribution of incidence of cancer among different ages and races of people. The initial motivation for this visualization is the difference of prognosis of cancer among the world. For example, breast cancer patients in asian countries tend to have longer life expectancy than patients in US and Europe. There might be genetic or environmental influences for people around the world. To convoulute the influence of genetic factors, we believe that visualization of cancer mobidity among different races of people would be of great beneifit. As human genetic expression is different in different ages, we decide to look at the incidence distribution among different ages. To clearly show the change or trend of such distribution, bar graph would be the best choice. To avoid overhelming readers with too many bars for results of different races of people, we decided to use a button for race change and assign a different color for each race. We also used redundant text to further indicate the race of people the readers are currently looking at, even though the color of the bars together with the legend already demonstrate the race. We use a transition of 500ms to guide readers a sense of change in the distribution of certain cancer as race of people changes. To unravel more genetic effect accross the whole body, we made 4 buttons to show the distribution of 4 different cancer, namely breast cancer, brain cancer, lung cancer and melanoma. These four cancer are representatives of different parts of body. 
# Developemnt process:
We spent 2 days discussing the best idea to visualize and then spent another one day to finalize the techiques we need for the visualization. We spent another 3 days to learn d3 under the guidance of the demo page. As we haven't used d3 before, we are mostly contrained within the techniques that the demo demonstrate. Roughly we spent 30h on this visualization and it has been equally distributed among two of us in the team. Finalizing the idea and visualization techniques are the most time consuming part.
